
Fair Dinkum Rubbish Removal services the entire Sydney metropolitan region. We offer comprehensive rubbish removal solutions to residential homes, commercial office buildings and large construction/demolition sites.

With over 15 years of experience and a dedicated team of experts, we offer residential cleanups and commercial clear-outs in Sydney. From the iconic Sydney CBD to the charming neighbourhoods of the Inner West, we're here to clear out your junk!

Our commitment extends to the following suburbs and all their respective surrounding areas. If your area isn’t listed, please call us on 0407 125 125 and speak with one of our friendly staff.




Fair Dinkum Rubbish Removal is your
#1 partner in Sydney for junk
collection and disposal.

Is your waste getting out of hand? Looking for a reliable rubbish removal services provider?

Look no further, Fair Dinkum Rubbish Removal is here to provide hassle-free junk collection and disposal, sparing you the inconvenience and ensuring a seamless process.

As the premier choice in Sydney, Fair Dinkum Rubbish Removal is your top partner for expert junk collection and responsible disposal, ensuring clutter-free spaces with efficiency and professionalism.
Trusted Local Rubbish Service	

Affordable & Trusted Local Business

We provide commercial and residential rubbish removal services at affordable prices. You don’t have to break the bank to experience trusted and reliable clean-up services. Let our rubbish removalists lift the heavy load so you can have more time for things that matter the most.
Professional Rubbish Removal	

Professional Rubbish Removalists in Sydney

Our dedicated team of Sydney rubbish removalists have a keen eye for detail and are always willing to go the extra mile for our customers. We adapt and adjust to different working environments to safely and efficiently collect and dispose of all types of waste in a timely manner. We are ready to take on any rubbish removal job, no matter how big or small.
We Recycle	

We Recycle & Are Fully Insured

Taking out and disposing of massive commercial and residential waste can also expose you to mild or severe hazards – both physically & mentally. Leave the collection and disposal to our experts. We’re fully trained and insured to deal with the proper disposal of hazardous and dangerous goods.

Fast, Same-Day Rubbish Collection

Local council kerbside pickup services can only collect so much rubbish per household. However, no rubbish is too big for Fair Dinkum Rubbish Removal, thanks to numerous rubbish collection trucks, we make same-day rubbish collections possible. Contact our staff 24/7 and inform us of your preferred collection time.
Affordable & Trusted Local Business

We provide time-tested commercial and residential rubbish removal services at affordable prices. You don’t have to break the bank to experience trusted and reliable clean-up services. 

For an affordable price, you can experience the following benefits:

    Free quote with every inquiry and extra discounts when you return

    15+ years of local experience

    Fast & Friendly Service

    Same-day service at the best price in Sydney

Let our rubbish removalists lift the heavy load so you can have more time for the most important things!
Professional Rubbish Removalists in Sydney

Our dedicated team of Sydney rubbish removalists have a keen eye for detail and are always willing to go the extra mile for our customers. We adapt and adjust to different working environments to safely and efficiently collect and dispose of all types of waste in a timely manner. 

We are ready to take on any rubbish removal job 24/7, whether big or small!
We Recycle & Are Fully Insured

At Fair Dinkum Rubbish Removal, we view ourselves as stewards of the Earth, and our practices reflect this perspective. By making sustainable choices in waste disposal, we aim to leave a positive impact on the environment for future generations. This isn’t just a commitment—it’s a responsibility we wholeheartedly embrace.

Hence, we always make sure to recycle whenever possible! You won’t have to worry about anything since our experts are knowledgeable and experienced in recycling waste and are insured to deal with the hazards that come with it.
Fast, Same-Day Rubbish Collection

Want immediate relief from clutter? Sudden cleanouts and house moving?

Don’t panic! No rubbish is too big for Fair Dinkum Rubbish Removal. Thanks to our numerous rubbish collection trucks, we make same-day rubbish collection possible. Specifically, we offer this same-day service for the following rubbish removal services and more!
